Document Introspection (#346)
dbos-inc/dbos-docs: docs/python/reference/contexts.md

handle: WorkflowHandleAsync = await DBOS.start_workflow_async(example_workflow, "var1", "var2")
```

## Workflow Management Methods

### list_workflows
```python
def list_workflows(
    *,
    workflow_ids: Optional[List[str]] = None,
    status: Optional[str] = None,
    start_time: Optional[str] = None,
    end_time: Optional[str] = None,
    name: Optional[str] = None,
    app_version: Optional[str] = None,
    user: Optional[str] = None,
    limit: Optional[int] = None,
    offset: Optional[int] = None,
    sort_desc: bool = False,
) -> List[WorkflowStatus]:
```

> Retrieve the [`WorkflowStatus`](#workflow-status) of all workflows matching specified criteria.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Retrieve a list of [`WorkflowStatus`](#workflow-status) of all workflows matching specified criteria.
```

**Parameters:**
- **workflow_ids**: Retrieve workflows with these IDs.
- **status**: Retrieve workflows with this status (Must be `ENQUEUED`, `PENDING`, `SUCCESS`, `ERROR`, `CANCELLED`, or `RETRIES_EXCEEDED`)
- **start_time**: Retrieve workflows started after this timestamp (RFC 3339).
- **end_time**: Retrieve workflows started before this timestamp (RFC 3339).
- **name**: Retrieve workflows with this fully-qualified name.
- **app_version**: Retrieve workflows tagged with this application version.
- **user**: Retrieve workflows run by this authenticated user.
- **limit**: Retrieve up to this many workflows.
- **offset**: Skip this many workflows from the results returned (for pagination).
- **sort_desc**: Whether to sort the results in descending (`True`) or ascending (`False`) order by workflow start time.

### list_queued_workflows
```python
def list_queued_workflows(
    *,
    queue_name: Optional[str] = None,
    status: Optional[str] = None,
    start_time: Optional[str] = None,
    end_time: Optional[str] = None,
    name: Optional[str] = None,
    limit: Optional[int] = None,
    offset: Optional[int] = None,
    sort_desc: bool = False,
) -> List[WorkflowStatus]:
```

> Retrieve the [`WorkflowStatus`](#workflow-status) of all **currently enqueued** workflows matching specified criteria.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Retrieve a list of [`WorkflowStatus`](#workflow-status) of all **currently enqueued** workflows matching specified criteria.
```
